system-variables: update docs for hint SET_VAR (#15059)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- This variable is used to specify the cloud storage URI to enable [Global Sort](/tidb-global-sort.md). After enabling the [distributed execution framework](/tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md), you can use the Global Sort feature by configuring the URI and pointing it to an appropriate cloud storage path with the necessary permissions to access the storage. For more details, see [URI format](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format).
- The following statements can use the Global Sort feature.
    - The [`ADD INDEX`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-add-index.md) statement.

>     - The [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md) statement for import jobs of TiDB Self-Hosted. For TiDB Cloud, the `IMPORT INTO` statement is not applicable.

Reviewer: 这个链接需要改成绝对 URL，因为 Cloud 文件夹下没有 sql-statement-import-into.md，需要使用 TiDB 的 URL。
```suggestion
    - The [`IMPORT INTO`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-statement-import-into) statement for import jobs of TiDB Self-Hosted. For TiDB Cloud, the `IMPORT INTO` statement is not applicable.
```

Author: @hfxsd 可是这个url目前是404状态，到7.5发版之后才能生效？
请帮忙确认正确的地址。
https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.4/sql-statement-import-into
